but what does not have something wonderful
that jose I want to ask for doubles from
drums action director formator
loves integrates
to the friends of the captain
to you from all this variety of
Khedira products are difficult to
do
no no no no no no no the grace of these
they are easy or by that order and the
specialist that chews you
how a product is prepared to capone in
my friend álvaro what you are going to choose
they hate how I will not be happy that
to coffee come because I now
perfectly these three that are here
they can cook
not therefore for the holidays not
I came and I do not replace you
There is better puree mashed potatoes
mediterranean more gratin
this is a puree for one
for the kitchen not only
is very linked are not Palestinian was
Dad finds out what we're going to do
that are already cut then what
with a good knife we ​​are going to have here
little brother who is really dad
Real campers wants me to start
this is not the right thing because
they are dehydrated they are raw and
dehydrated therefore they are not like
the french fries then what they do
here it is so, you just have to have something
special is not now if I'm you
saying once after
and this means that he is rich
look how easy
ordered and likewise then the
manufacturer is added by 200 grams or
per cc of water made of water I want
throwing butter has butter not
I want to throw the butter I do not want
add a little more chili and think
wants wants to throw some cream
extremely, but if he does not want,
It does not matter because they have everything ready
and here and then it's more vital to get wet
here to hydrate all of that
the most important thing I have to do
and so it goes 20 careful to do
these things then you go to the
oven to how we will leave here and I
I already have one prepared of course to
200 degrees puts it to all the fire what
stay for about 40
minutes this is what is necessary if
you come the house comes to the office
tired
because this is not for people who are going to
work no no no and this you leave it
well and they are completely all
preparation already armed and especially
to taste the thanks that the
wonderful maker that has this
preparation is alcatel gratins
we will be
for trying to distribute I'm going to get
here
You already know it is part of the families of
flavors and remember the capot is the
specialist in healthy and rich food
true and best of all easy to
prepare all products to coffee
they just need hot water and that's it
your best food welcome
it is unheard of for health
good